#summary Concept and storyline

= Concept =

== Backgrounds ==
In the year 2010 a human race found themselves facing a terrible threat. A huge asteroid, designated as 703-H Hephaestus was abruptly discovered, and it was on a collision course with the earth. With almost certain probability of a collision and destruction of the earth, the United Nations launched an unparalleled mission in the history of human kind to destroy the incoming threat. The mission was a success.

Nearly all of the fragments either passed the earth or burned in the atmosphere. Only one fragment was big enough not to vaporize before hitting the earth. The impact was equivalent to 2.5 megatons of TNT which is about 150 times the yield of the atomic bombs used at Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The point of impact was located in Lapland, northern Finland. It resulted an impact crater of 1,001 m in diameter, some 145 m deep, and is surrounded by a rim that rises 34 m above the surrounding plains.

Responsibility of the project Lapland was handed by UN to Falling Star, a globally known company, specialized in the research of body impacts on earth. After four months the research was abandoned and Falling Star sealed the crater due to weak ionizing radiation emanating from the asteroid pieces. Nothing special was found.

After 5 years people who were involved in the project Lapland noticed that they can do things that no other can do. In medical examinations they discovered an unknown organism that somehow was the source of these abilities. The leaders of the operation realized that the organism originated from the asteroid they had investigated five years ago. Soon after that, members of the expedition started to disappear. 

Men behind the shadowy disappearances were three Falling Star operative leaders who did not want the public to know about their inhuman powers, not because they were afraid of the public unrest this might cause, but because they wanted the powers for themselves. This meant also that every person involved in the project Lapland had to be silenced, by any means necessary. The leaders went back to the crater to establish a research center by the excuse of conducting more research on the radiation, but the true reason was to examine the organism that's granting these unique powers to their hosts.

Even though nothing was found, the asteroid fragment didn't come alone. It was habited by primitive organisms that can invade the human body forming a symbiosis with the host. They give a unique power to any human who is exposed to them. The researchers didn't find anything because the organism is extremely hard to detect when they are in a hibernate state. 

10 years after the collision a reasearch center CRATER shades the lands around the asteroid crater.


== Present ==
Crater employs hundreds of men around the clock. Doctors, scientists, guards, management, engineers etc. The Crater is a small town where employees lives with their families because no one is allowed to leave the Crater since the nature and delicacy of the project.

Missing people from the project Lapland are locked up in the dungeons to be used as test subjects as they are the only ones who have the original - and properly working - organism in them.

Scientists in the Crater have been struggling to solve four main problems related on the living organism. The most important one is how to create more organisms or increase the multiplication speed. Currently the population stays in the same level when injected into a host. But if the organism does not have a host, it is not able to have mitosis for some reason and eventually the population would die.

The second problem was how to keep the organism alive outside of the asteroid's radiation range. Asteroid produces neutrinoless double beta decay that keeps the organism alive but does not harm human body as the radiation level is low enough. Couple of weeks ago, a solution for this problem was found and scientist have made the first successfull test with a prototype serum.

The last two are how to control the organism not to harm human body when they are injected. The more you have them in you, the more probably you will lose control of yourself. Injection also has huge probability to damage certain tissues or inflict serious DNA mutation or allergy reactions. The last problem has not yet any significant results, but scientists have produced a formula that will slightly reduce the probability of any inflics when injecting the organism in a human body.

== The Plot ==

=== Prologue ===
You were an employee of the company. You was working in the project Lapland 10 years ago and now you are at home when someone knocks the door. As you open it you see two dark suited men who wants you to go with them. You cant argue since your legs can't carry you anymore as you lose consciousness. 

You don't know how long has been gone since the blackout nor don't know where you are and why. You are in some kind of heavy secured cell with no windows or any way out.

3 months later something happens. You notice that the cell door is ajar.

=== Crater in chaos ===
People are screaming around in a horror. People are running and dying, the electricity has went off. People behind the massacre was the ones who have Hephaestus (the organism) injection. Soon the cell gates open.

If the organism has taken some of the host's control, the host will act very unpredictable way. The most common behaviour is to find other injected and try to seize their organisms for themselves.

=== Host of the Hephaestus === 
You have the Hephaestus in you, but you haven't noticed any effects until now. You have to find out the special powers the symbiont gives you. You have to learn the way how to live with the symbiont. Your main target is to get out of the Crater as soon as possible, but it ain't going to be easy with the symbiont. Organism gives an ability to sense every Hephaestus near you and there are ones that wants to boost their powers by taking your symbiont for themselves.

* REASON OF THE CHAOS CLEARS UP *

...

* OUTDOORS *

= Gameplay =

[CharacterCreation]

  * Departments

[CharacterAdvancement]

  * Level up

  * Skill improvement

  * Alignment

[SpecialPowers]

  * List of the skills

  * Usage

[Organism]

  * Total amount

  * Effections

  * Obtaining organisms

  * Risks 

  * Losing the organism

[NPC]

  * List of the enemies

  * Main enemies

  * Other NPCs

[Battles]

[Weapons]